We're back with Octavia Spencer.
We're going to play one
of my favorite games.
It's called "5-Second Rule."
And it's very simple.
tWitch is going to name
three things in five seconds.
You say them, and
then you hit that,
and we'll see how much
time is left on the clock.
OK.
And we shall play.
I will start, so you know
what we're doing, OK.
All right.
Ellen, three lies
you've told recently.
I don't lie, so
I'll make things up.
Hey, you're ugly.
Why did I do that?
I--
[BUZZER]
--um speeding.
[LAUGHTER]
You're ugly.
I don't-- I don't
know how to tell lies.
So I just thought--
I love it.
That's good.
All right, all right.
OK, Octavia.
Yeah, wait, wait, let
me get the rules right.
OK.
I press that first?
No, no.
No, OK.
No, that's what stops the clock.
Oh, OK.
And you have to say
them in five seconds.
OK, I got to say them
and then OK, OK, OK.
So you only have five seconds.
It goes fast.
It goes real fast.
So you name the three
things, then hit that.
Then I hit it.
OK, three things
and then I hit it.
Yeah, OK, ready?
OK.
She's pretty but not so fast.
[LAUGHTER]
Three things you're
really thinking
when you lose an Oscar.
[DING]
I should've won.
Oh.
[LAUGHTER]
God.
[CHEERING]
I'm having a hard
time with this button.
time, I'm telling you.
I'm nervous.
Oh, man.
All right, can I do over?
You're not helping
yourself get a man.
I know.
[LAUGHTER]
Gosh, OK, here we go,
here we go, here we go.
No, I say it, and
then I press it.
Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
OK.
Ellen, three things an
old-timey reporter would say.
Yeah, see, OK,
nothing to see here.
Everybody get back.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
I got you.
I'm ready.
Oh, man.
OK.
Thank you for clapping for that.
That was bad.
[LAUGHTER]
OK, Octavia, do three
facial expressions
you make when you're excited.
[TICKING]
[DING]
[APPLAUSE]
There you go.
I did it.
That's it.
She did three?
I did three really quickly.
I saw two.
That's my--
All right, all right.
[LAUGHTER]
All right.
OK, Ellen, three pickup lines.
Look at you.
Hey, come over here.
[LAUGHTER]
[DING]
[CHEERING]
Look at you.
[LAUGHS]
Come over here?
I love it.
Look at you.
OK, Octavia.
Yes.
Three things you'd
like to touch.
[TICKING]
I just thought of them.
[LAUGHTER]
I thought of them real fast.
That doesn't count, does it?
Do you know you haven't
answered one round?
[LAUGHTER]
Not one.
But this is happening
so fast in my mind.
[BELL RINGING]
Oh my god, we're out of time.
[APPLAUSE]
I'm literally-- I'm like, oh
my god, I can't say that on TV.
Yes you can.
All right, I want everybody
at home, everyone--
I'm sorry, not everyone.
Everyone in the audience is
going home with a 5-Second Rule
board game.
[APPLAUSE]
You're not going
home empty handed.
You're getting a toaster oven.
Yes!
Yeah.
That's for her.
Don't-- everybody
got so excited.
[LAUGHTER]
That's for her.
Anyway, Instant Family opens
everywhere on November 16.
We'll be back.